To change tag info on a bunch of mp3 files...

1) In the "mp3 files to edit" box, click the Add button  as many times
as needed to fill the files list box with  the desired mp3 files.

2) In the "Enter tag editing commands" box you enter tag modification
commands. 

To enter a Set command to be performed on all the above mp3 files, leave
the Condition blank. In the Set group,  select the field to be modified
and enter the desired value in the To New Value field.

To enter a conditional Set command fill in the Condition by selecting the
If Field, Operation and optionally  Value fields. The "is
blank" and "is not blank" operations require no Value.

The entered tag editing commands will be applied to each mp3 file selected
in step 1. Each Set command will be  performed on each mp3 file if i)
there is no Condition or ii) if the Condition evaluates true for that mp3
file.

3) Once you've entered the desired mp3 files (1) and  commands (2) you're
ready to click the Apply button  to see what will happen to your mp3
files. The Apply button will give you a report of what will happen (but
 won't do it yet).

4) If the Apply report meets your expectation then click "Doit". If you 
click "Cancel" the edits won't be performed.

Notes: You can edit an existing tag editing command by selecting it and
clicking the Remove button. This will remove it and place it in the Add
section where you can edit it and re-Add it.

You can edit your mp3 files list and commands list all you want, do several
Checks before finally doing Doit.

MACROS:
a) You can copy data from one tag field to another, by typing a field identifier
in the Set To Value box.

For example you want to set the Artists to "Various Artists" and you'd like
the song title to read as "Song Title - Artists". To accomplish this do this;

In the "Set To Value" field enter

	"{Title} - {Artists}"

And add another command that sets the Artist to "Various Artists"

b) Convert to "Lastname, Firstname". To do this just enter

	"{LastName, FirstName}" in the "Set To Value" box, and of course
	select Artist as the field to modify.

	You'll find this setting in the drop down list of pre defined values
	as well as one to set back to "{FirstName LastName}".

Have a nice day.
